This directory contains the Haskell Report, version 1.0.

The .verb files are the Report proper, written as souped-up LaTeX
files; "haskell.verb" is the top-level file.  The .verb files are
pre-processed into .tex (ordinary LaTeX) files by "verbatim".  The .hs
files are the Haskell source for the standard prelude.

TO PRINT THE REPORT

You must have a "big" TeX/LaTeX to produce the Report from its
sources.  Alternatively, you may grab the file "report-1.0.dvi.Z"
(compressed DVI file) or "report-1.0.ps.Z" (compressed PostScript file)
from wherever you got this distribution, and print directly.

If you have a "big" TeX/LaTeX and the program "makeindex", type "make"
and then print "haskell.dvi" in your favo[u]rite way.

"makeindex" is in the Unix TeX distribution; you can also get it by
anonymous FTP from ucbarpa.berkeley.edu.  Otherwise, you must:

    * If you messed up your "haskell.ind" file, restore it with 
      "cp haskell.ind.bak haskell.ind".
    * Remove the makeindex-using rule in the "makefile.real"
    * In "haskell.verb":
    	- remove the "makeidx" style option
	- remove the "\makeindex" command
    	- replace the "\printindex" command with "\input{haskell.ind}"
    * Type "make"
    * Be prepared for the page numbers in the index to be wrong if,
      for some reason, your LaTeX breaks pages at different places
      from our LaTeX (shouldn't happen, but...).

If you are going to be noodling around with this distribution and
don't want "make -f makefile.real" to be run three times every time
you type "make", do "mv makefile.real makefile" and resume normal life.

Don't delete the TeXified standard prelude files (Prelude*.tex) unless
you can run "splitAndIndexPgm" with which to re-make from the
Prelude*.hs files.  You must have "perl" to run "splitAndIndexPgm".
"perl" is available by anonymous FTP from many sites, including
comp.sources.unix archives, jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov and
tut.cis.ohio-state.edu.

Please send comments about this distribution to Will Partain,
partain@cs.glasgow.ac.uk.  Weightier matters about Haskell should be
directed to the Haskell mailing list discussed in the Preface.  Happy
Haskell hacking!
